Update the linting docs (#340)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/tools/development.md

There are a number of IDE plugins that may be useful when developing with Lit. In particular, we recommend using a syntax highlighter that works with Lit templates.

### lit-plugin

> `lit-plugin` provides syntax highlighting, type checing, and more for Lit templates. It's [available for for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=runem.lit-plugin), or you can use the [`ts-lit-plugin` TypeScript compiler plugin](https://github.com/runem/lit-analyzer/tree/master/packages/ts-lit-plugin) which works with Sublime and Atom.

Reviewer: `type checing` - minor typo here

Reviewer 2: Double `for` on `available for for VS Code`.

> `lit-plugin` provides syntax highlighting, type checing, and more for Lit templates. It's [available for for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=runem.lit-plugin), or you can use the [`ts-lit-plugin` TypeScript compiler plugin](https://github.com/runem/lit-analyzer/tree/master/packages/ts-lit-plugin) which works with Sublime and Atom.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`lit-plugin` provides syntax highlighting, type checking, and more for Lit templates. It's [available for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=runem.lit-plugin), or you can use the [`ts-lit-plugin` TypeScript compiler plugin](https://github.com/runem/lit-analyzer/tree/master/packages/ts-lit-plugin) which works with Sublime Text and Atom.
```
